

--- PAGE 1 ---
CUBICSO COMPANY PROFILE  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



--- PAGE 2 ---
CUBICSO COMPANY PROFILE  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WHO ARE WE 2 
SERVICES 4           
OUR APPROACH TO PROJECTS 9 
INTEGRATION WITH CLIENT ORGANISATION 11 
PROJECTS 13 
POLICIES 15 
OUR TEAM AND EXPERIENCE 16 


--- PAGE 3 ---
CUBICSO COMPANY PROFILE  
 
 
Dear Business Partners ,   
 
CUBICSO, has built its reputation on the strong commitment of values, ethics  and integrity.  It gives me 
immense pleasure and joy today to share details about our Corporate  identity with you our Valued business 
partners. Warmest welcome to the world of CUBICSO Group. We are committed  to grow in a manner where 
safety and client satisfaction will be the most priority. As  we continue to look towards the future ,we asp ire 
to re ach both growth and excellence .   We have c onsistently provided  professionally safe and quality 
construction services to our clientele.  Starting from establishing portable site offices ,material handling , Soil 
testing ,Topo Survey to deploying manpower, machinery for execution of  the complex Civil and Mechanical  
project, our team has ensured timely project completion with quality, speed & safety .Our well trained team 
of 100 qualified engineers working in 14 states  for our 3S vision of Service for Excellence, Satisfaction for 
Vendors, Surety for Stake holder s. Our expert team of E ngineers &  Manpower (Skilled +Unskilled)  along 
with best in class machinery becomes a winning combination for both of us and the Client. Our Work force is 
young and talented with average age of 31 Yrs. We are currently working in these three business sectors but 
not limited to any challenging opportunity . 
 
 Heavy Infrastructure  Services   
 Industrial Services 
 Renewable Energy Services 
   
 
We are ready to take up any construction related project with commitment of c ompleting the Job on time 
with utmost safety and quality.  
  
Looking for long term association with client and value addition to the nation . 
 
 
 
regards, 
 
 
 
Chief Executive Officer  
CUBICSO Group     
 
 
 


--- PAGE 4 ---
CUBICSO COMPANY PROFILE  
 
WHO ARE WE 
 
Over the last 6 years, CUBICSO Enterprise Private Limited has transformed from a small Sub-Contractor into 
a recognized leader in the construction  industry, committed for executing  Renewable e nergy Sectors 
,Industrial Sectors and Heavy Civil infrastructure Project across India. We provide a range of traditional, 
design-build and engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) services for a large pool of client From 
Public Sector Units to Private Sector Unit .   
We strive to stay at the forefront by investigating advancing techn ology as our organization grows,  
embracing industry changes and the needs of our clientele. We continuously diversify our skill set to 
separate us from our competition and foster loyal Client relationships through the breadth of expertise and 
our collaborative process, as well as our impeccable safety record and Client service. 
We are committed to client satisfaction through excellent performance. To achieve this vision, we make 
every effort not just to meet client expectations, but to exceed them. We monitor our performance on all 
projects on Parameter of Safety ,Time and Quality  as we enhance our processes, Client relationships, and 
industry recognition. 
 
CUBICSO has developed an established project management approach to accommodate unique 
requirements for any project. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  “  It’s the way we execute Projects " 
done.” 


--- PAGE 5 ---
CUBICSO COMPANY PROFILE  
 
WHO ARE WE 
OUR VISION  
 CUBICSO has a straight forward 3S vision which reflects in its emblem also 
1) Service for Excellence 
2) Satisfaction for Vendors 
3) Surety for Stakeholders 
OUR MISSION  
We strive to provide highest value to our Clients with a critical eye towards safety, quality & service.  
We  strives to grow as an  organization through investigating advancing technology. 
We strive to use advance tools and techniques to continuously improve our ability to deliver projects. 
We strive to provide entrepreneurial environment to  individuals, can live their passion for project. 
 
OUR MOTO  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    SAFETY 
 
 INTEGRITY 
 
   QUALITY 
 
INNOVATION 
 
TEAMWORK  


--- PAGE 6 ---
CUBICSO COMPANY PROFILE  
SERVICES    
Division of Heavy Infrastructure  
CUBICSO is growing in experience on major civil projects. Our multidisciplinary team brings unparalleled 
qualifications and experience for executing Project. The coordination and management of every heavy/civil 
project poses unique challenges. Our teams focus on minimizing inconv enience to the local community and 
the public, accelerating the project schedule to meet critical milestones while exceeding owner expectations. 
The heavy/ civil group achieves these goals on each of our projects by providing quality technical solutions, 
seasoned construction personnel, and organizational structure that combines strong design, construction, 
and management principals with competence, creativity, and flexibility. 
Our Expertise in Heavy Infrastructure Services  and Major Highlights of Project Executed . 
    
 Bridge construction  
            We are proudly associated with Tata & Daewoo JV for Harbour Sea Link project Navi Mumbai. 
   
   



--- PAGE 7 ---
CUBICSO COMPANY PROFILE  
 
 PILING WORKS  
We have designed and executing soil improvement work  by Stone Pilling  Method for 13600mtr  
under contracts BHEL Principal employer NTPC Kerala.  
 
   
 
     
 
 



--- PAGE 8 ---
CUBICSO COMPANY PROFILE  
 
 Earth work  
We have Completed earthwork of 260 acre for Volume 241453cum For Clients/principal client like 
MAHAGENCO, BHEL , ACCORD SYNERGY LTD, GNFC, GSECL in 2019-20. 
 
   
 
 Piling Work 
We have Completed Piling for 39542 mtr for Clients/principal client like MAHAGENCO, BHEL ACCORD 
SYNERGY LTD, GNFC, GSECL in 2019-20. 
 
       
 
 Bituminous Road   
Construction of 1.8  KM of Bitu minous road near onshore portion of under contracts BHARATIYA 
CONSTRUCTION for Principal Employer IOCL  
 
 RCC Road & Structure Work  
We are proudly associated with NHSRCL for the RCC  & Structural work for more than 2km  with 
concrete volume of more than 1000 cum. 
 



--- PAGE 9 ---
CUBICSO COMPANY PROFILE  
                                    Division of Industrial Services  
CUBICSO delivers a full spectrum of industrial services; including full engineering, procurement and 
construction (EPC), turnkey design-build, balance of plant (BOP) as well as subcontracting services. 
Contractors working within industrial and chemical environmen ts need to adapt to rapidly changing 
technologies and adhere to a stringent regulatory e nvironment.  Our team has over 1 0 years of experience 
and we stand ready to assist our clients with new construction as well as critical on -going maintenance to 
extend functionality, accommodate for a new technology, changing product lines or processing system 
upgrades. 
Our industrial team has access to the necessary equipment needed for all civil or structural work, crane and 
heavy rigging as well as lift planning speci alist to ensure safety, control costs and meet critical schedule 
guidelines 
 
INDUSTRIAL SERVICES                                                                PETROCHEMICAL SERVICES  
Pre-construction site work                                                          Structural steel erection 
Material Handling                                                                         Piping Job   
Foundations of Equipment                                                          Erection of Equipments  
 
Our Expertise in Division of industrial  Services  and Major Highlights of Project Executed  
Pre-Construction Site works 
CUBICSO has provided office Establishment to almost 25 sites for supply of Office Containers. all over India 
with having more than 55 office and 20 store containers . 
 
Material Handling 
We have all the material handling equipment like Hydra ,Crane ,Forklift along experience human recourses to 
execute material handling work to the perfection . We successfully handled electrical, mechanical material 
including Solar Module and structural material.  
   



--- PAGE 10 ---
CUBICSO COMPANY PROFILE  
       
RCC Building & Foundation 
We have executed foundation work for  Switchyards, Heat Exchangers, Inverter Platforms, HT Panels, 
Transformers, Control Room Buildings. 
  
  
Structural Steel Erection: 
We have completed Boiler Erection and scaffolding Job at world's largest known oil refinery - Reliance Refinery 
Jamnagar, Gujarat in year 2015-16. 



--- PAGE 11 ---
CUBICSO COMPANY PROFILE  
  
Piping Job:  
We have completed 4" piping solutions at Sikka Thermal Power Station at Jamnagar, Gujarat for air handling 
systems in plant in year 2013-14. 
Erection Of Equipments: 
We have completed Scada Panels, PCU, HT Panels, Inverter Transformers, Auxiliary Transformers and  SMBs at 15 
MW Solar Power Plant of BHEL-GACL at Charanka Solar Park, Gujarat in year 2017. 
Division of Renewable Energy Services 
Solar power generation is an increasingly important source of sustainable energy, and it’s getting more 
affordable, too. CUBICSO. has wide-ranging expertise in the renewable energy sector, and we work with our 
clients to utilize solar technology and help shape the renewable energy revolution. 
CUBICSO. is already well-known across the country as a leading Solar Constructions Contractor, and we bring 
you that same expertise in project control and cost management to achieve excellent Client satisfaction in the 
growing solar energy field. We offer a full range of services and provide innovative solutions to fit a wide 
variety of location and terrain complexities, including ground -mounted PV installations or solar parking 
structures that make best use of available space and maximize your return on investment. 
We spearhead utility-scale solar projects across the India, and our clients gain advantage from our proficiency 
as self -performing contractors. CUBICSO. installs photovoltaic, crystalline,  and thin film modules, fixed, tilt -
mounted modules, with single or dual-axis tracking systems. 
We make it a priority to bring your project home on time and on budget, no matter what its scope, 
complexities, or site constraints, allowing you to benefit fro m the highest possible return on your investment 
while utilizing this abundant natural resource. 
 
 
 



--- PAGE 12 ---
CUBICSO COMPANY PROFILE  
SOLAR POWER PROJECT SERVICES 
 Feasibility studies and resource analysis 
 Financial analysis and procurement capabilities 
 Site planning including storm water management 
 Grading & levelling of mountains or uneven surfaces 
 Piling / Auguring of land with highly efficient machineries  
 Assembly and erection 
 Tracking system design and installation 
 Foundation design and installation 
 Permits and approvals 
 
Full Engineering Investigations of Every Project 
CUBICSO. performs full site engineering investigations on every solar project in order to properly manufacture 
piling for each project.  Through these geological studies our team is able to develop a plan specifically to 
address soil conditions on each site in ord er to eliminate risk and ensure timely delivery of every solar project 
we build. 
Quality Control Standards 
 Proper site layout according to engineered drawings 
 The construction of access roads and the necessary compaction requirements 
 The excavation and construction of inverter pads 
 The installation of foundation posts 
 The installation of the structurally-approved racking system 
 The installation of the solar modules to their assigned areas and the subsequent serialization of the 
module serial numbers. 
 
CUBICSO. takes extreme pride the in the safety, quality and production of their solar projects.   In the past, we 
have successfully completed various solar projects at one time.   It is this teamwork that separates CUBICSO.  
from our competitors. 
 
Experience: 
 
Our expert team has e xecuted More than 150 MW of Solar Installation across India . For the Clients/Principal 
clients  Like BHEL, GSECL, GNFC, TATA SOLAR PROJECTS. Our Team is executing Projects in Floating Solar also. 
POLICIES 
 QUALITY POLICY  
CUBICSO will make quality a way of life. Quality is the result of good management and 
will be achieved by the way we get the right things done.  
 
We believe there is always a better way to provide services to our clients and strive for 
continuous improvement. In r endering our services we will optimise resource utilisation 
and commit ourselves fully to the task at hand. We consider meeting client requirements 
as the minimum performance criteria and aim to surpass  expectations. 


--- PAGE 13 ---
CUBICSO COMPANY PROFILE  
HSE POLICY  
      POLICY 
CUBICSO is committed to a clean, safe and healthy environment for our employees, contractors, 
customers and the communities around us.  
 
All employees and contractors forming part of the CUBICSO service, have a duty to 
prevent harm to themselves, to others and to the environment.  
CUBICSO will comply with all the applicable 
legislation, regulations and customers’ 
requirements as minimum benchmark  for 
its Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) 
Policy. 
CUBICSO will regularly review this policy, 
practices and performan ce to ensure 
ongoing improvements.  
 
 
 
 
 
OUR TEAM & EXPERIENCE 
 
Our team is flexible and able to adjust   
to clients’ specific needs  with  respect  
to geography, internal processes and 
systems, as well as the availability of 
resources. The co re team of project 
managers consists of graduate civil, 
mechanical and industrial engineers, 
with inhouse Cost Management, Quality 
Control and Administration Support 
complementing our service  delivery. 
We  have  been  involved   in   projects   
of repetitive nature and are  in  a  
position  to  package  total  solutions  in 
a Turnkey format for similar projects. 
This includes the sealing of redundant 
mine shafts, security installations, box 
cut developments, underground mine 
access, fuel and lubricat ion storage 
facilities, legacy rehabilitation, ventilation 
shafts, conveyor systems  etc. 



--- PAGE 14 ---
CUBICSO COMPANY PROFILE  
Although it is preferable for formal project management to be included as early as 
possible in the life cycle of a project and remain included until closure, we have 
with success completed stand -alone activities and phases in project life -cycles, 
such as feasibility studies ( Power Plants  development, facilities relocation, Boiler 
Erection), implementation planning , risk assessments  etc. Some of our most 
successful ventures have  arisen from being appointed to perform project status 
audits on “in trouble” projects and the subsequent appointment to get the 
projects back on track towards completion. Although this is not “the ideal” type 
of project, we pride ourselves in the fact that we  have the  skills and tenacity to 
get involved and ensure eventual success. 
 
Client Experience: 
For over six  years we’ve built our reputation on value s and a strong commi tment to 
providing professionally  safe and quality construction services to our clientele. Our 
commitment to you is far more than professional: it’s personal. 
Our goal is to build a relationship with our clients as well as our employees, and to 
provide a balance between the needs of our Clients and the needs of our workforce, 
with our critical eye toward safety, quality and service. The relationships we build 
have been the foundation of CUBICSO. and have led to many repeat clients and a 
dedicated team, which makes CUBICSO. successful in such a competitive industry. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


--- PAGE 15 ---
CUBICSO COMPANY PROFILE  
 
 
 
CONTACT US 
 
 
 
 OUR OFFICE  
 
POSTAL ADDRESS: 
 
II nd Floor, Office Nos- 222-228 
PRAMUKH BAZAR COMPLEX  
ATLADARA - BILL ROAD  
VADODARA  - 390012 
 
 
PHYSICAL ADDRESS: 
Lat: -22O16,4.213"N 
Long: 7309,1.668"E 
 
Tel/fax: 9084923237 
Fax: 9712996007 
email: bcg@cubicso.com 
 
  
 
 
